hey guys veligit 44 here and got my
camera girl she's just chillin right
there um got a new camera it's not
actually my webcam this is my webcam
actually now since like it's footage of
it it's really kind of cool um see ya
guys I'm gonna be cutting into this
video I just wanted to make a video
telling y'all about a few things that
have been going on and I've seen a lot
of questions being like hey what's up
what's up this you get paid from jagex
all this one was like nah nah I guys
don't pay me to say what I say it's just
you know I make the videos my thoughts
and that's what I do you know um also a
few other questions is did I get my
lifetime membership through being a p
mod and that's another no I actually got
my lifetime membership through bass a
bum bum double-oh-seven awesome dude
thank you so much for that he entered in
my name to uh to get lifetime Oh from
golden domes that he won at the moon
fest 2011 so that's pretty cool um but
yeah guys I'm gonna hop into a webcam
status now to make the rest of this
video good yeah hey guys its ability 44
and as you might've saw in that clip I
have a new camera here it is this is my
new camera it's got the flash feature
can record can also shoot laser beams
out of the front of it so all in all
it's pretty epic too bad I'm just
fucking with y'all this is my new camera
it's pretty sick it's a kodak easyshare
my fucking webcam will focus focus
webcam there you go so that's a close-up
version of it uh it'll tell you all the
information you need no right there on
the front anyways this thing's pretty
cool um it is kind of blurry when you
zoom in that's fine with me though
because it has perfect audio quality
which is great at the end of one of
these clips though you'll hear like it's
kind of like muffled but that's because
like then had his finger over the
microphone so yeah that won't happen
anymore and for the rest of this video
we actually have a clip of me showing
you all around my house and just a few
other short clips that we took on this
camera so I hope you all enjoy those
just sit back relax watch the rest of
this video hmm recording now
it's good zoom in does my remote shit
okay then the computer are you doing on
there okay yeah i'm just going to show
you a little bit about my room i guess
because i haven't actually been able to
do that um this is what i use to keep a
sketch people from looking through my
windows you not have no blinds that
actually work yeah so I'm gonna close
that right now oh this little dog thing
is actually for my grandmother she had
passed away and that text message is
from the lovely cake which was actually
I guess in the first clip of this
because um yeah so I'm going to be using
her footage of you know but this is my
room this is my computer where I do
everything and as you can see there's a
lot of shit up there right now well okay
there was more stuff but I guess I
closed it out I'm not very clean Oh as
you can see I'm ability 44 so I don't
use the trash can I use a trash box this
is why I threw all my trash and this is
ability 44 with the trash pots so yeah
oh right Ben is the is recording this at
the moment he has his own channel if you
want to turn the camera around and say
hello hello how are y'all doing we
should check my channel out that Ben's
thoughts yeah so this is the room I
sleep in Oh seeing as how I just moved
back then you know I've moved six times
during this year and it's just been
ridiculous so you know I'm moving back
so I still need to put my other bed in
my other room um but this is the bed i'm
sleeping in now which is pretty
comfortable it's got like this little
sheet thing or something on my arm
that's pretty much all that you know i
have to deal with this room I mean so
let's go downstairs out of the green
rooms oh yeah as you all can see I
actually had two green rooms
just one sprinkle oh yeah plus the
street sign I got Harley country that's
what's up um see ya if y'all haven't
realized by now I'm just showing you all
around the house ah where I live pretty
much and it's pretty crowded kind of mom
my dad he buy stuff what this is Ben's
room right here this is where all of his
videos are recorded he just started so
make sure to check out his channel makes
really good videos on you know for right
now I mean like you know definitely good
start I like them i'm subscribed to him
actually that's how much i like them and
you know we got the bathroom pretty
general bathroom got the same toilet
shower all the shower heads pretty epic
though actually comes off and allows me
to get my boss that's pretty nice um so
i got clean balls turn this on that's a
wood stove room um you know all this
stuff up here pretty much yeah so I mean
let's step nice and more keep that
rolling pretty good actually been really
does a good job on putting one in there
here's my dad he's making some stew
which I guess just got finished huh yum
yum yup no no no and this is the kitchen
/ dining room I guess if y'all you know
know what those are we kind of have them
conjoined because we're epic like that
and their wall so yeah that's pretty
much all i can actually show you all
about my house but i figured i'd make
this little video before my five facts
video telling y'all pair this is my
house this is a kind of where I'm going
to be bidding my five facts videos so
might as well just show you all around a
little bit you know so yeah thanks for
watching this clip and I hope you enjoy
whatever is next this has been working
on a computer huh
no we're good yeah dantai shake on it is
really good well that's kind of shitty
oh it's a quality return museum in too
much it's like